Let's talk about errors and that is error handling now errors or what others may call exceptions.
In programming is a seldomly taught topic.
Most people think that if you are a good programmer it means you shouldn't have any errors in your code.
You don't have to even worry about them.
However handling errors is an important skill in becoming a great developer because no matter what.
There is no such thing as a perfect program we need to stop thinking about errors as mistakes and instead
start thinking of errors as a feature a feature for us to improve our code and tell the user or the
programmer when something is wrong and also possibly even telling him how to fix this error.
So remember errors aren't mistakes but rather a feature therefore handling error is a way for us to
become better programmers.
Let's get started.